{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf140
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12800\viewh14960\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Setting up Chrome Cast in TV:\
\
1.  Plug the Google Chromecast (the little physical device) into the TV.  The big end gets plugged into an HDMI port (these should be labeled on the side or back of your TV) and plug the small end into a USB port (again this should be labeled).  In the rare event that your TV does not have a USB port use the power adapter included in the packaging.  Plug the USB end of the Chromecast into the power adapter, and plug the power adapter into the wall.  You\'92ll know the chromecast is in place when both ends of the device are plugged into something successfully.\
\
2.  On your TV switch the source / input (TV terminology is different) to correspond to the HDMI port you plugged the chrome cast into.  To do this use the remote controller, and find the button that says \'93source\'94 or \'93input\'94, press this button, and you should see something that indicates you have multiple choices.  Use the arrow buttons, or continue to hit the source/input button, to try each of these choices one at a time.  Most of these will leave the screen black, but one will have a background image and indicate that the chrome cast needs to be set up.  This is the correct input.\
\
3.  Visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://cast.google.com/chromecast/setup/"}}{\fldrslt https://cast.google.com/chromecast/setup/}}\
\
4.  Click Download.  This will download an application to your computer that will allow you to set up the chrome cast\
\
5.  You will notice that a new application icon has been added to the task bar on the bottom of your screen.  It should look like a TV screen with a red, green, and yellow design inside.  Click on this\
\
6.  This is the application you\'92ll use to setup the chrome cast, first it will scan for chrome casts in the area, it should identify one that you just plugged in.  Once it has located the chrome cast on the network, it may automatically direct you to a page to setup the chrome cast, or you may have to click \'93setup\'94 to continue.  You\'92ll see a place to select your wireless internet name.  Type the wireless password and apply these settings\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Setting up Google Chrome:\
\
1.  Go to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/browser/?platform=win"}}{\fldrslt https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/browser/?platform=win}}\
\
2.  Download Chrome\
	- This is an internet browser just like Internet Explorer and can be used to access any website, check email, etc\
\
3.  Install Chrome\
	- Chrome should automatically install when you click download\
\
4.  Open Chrome (maybe a shortcut will appear on the desktop, else use the start menu to find Chrome)\
\
5.  In Chrome visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-cast/boadgeojelhgndaghljhdicfkmllpafd"}}{\fldrslt https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-cast/boadgeojelhgndaghljhdicfkmllpafd}}\
\
6.  Click the button that says \'93+ Free\'94 or another button indicating that you\'92d like to install this extension\
\
7.  Confirm that you\'92d like to add this, and agree to any terms of service / request for permission\
\
\
\
\
Casting screen to TV:\
\
1. Turn on TV and use remote to switch the source to the chrome cast\
\
2.  Open the google chrome browser on your computer and navigate to House of Hope Website\
\
3.  In the top right corner of the chrome browser, click the button that looks like a TV screen.  Click on the picture of the chrome cast to start casting your screen to the TV\
\
4.  Click on the button to start live streaming, and make the video full screen\
\
\
\
}